[LLM] Example for Serving Gemma (#3207)
skypilot-org/skypilot: llm/gemma/README.md

# Serve Your Gemma on Any Cloud

Google released [Gemma](https://blog.google/technology/developers/gemma-open-models/) and has made a big wave in the AI community.
It opens the opportunity for the open-source community to serve and finetune private Gemini.

## Serve Gemma on any Cloud

> Serving Gemma on any cloud is easy with SkyPilot. We can find the [serve.yaml](serve.yaml) in this directory, which can be used to start hosting the model on any cloud with a single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Serving Gemma on any cloud is easy with SkyPilot. With [serve.yaml](serve.yaml) in this directory, you host the model on any cloud with a single command.
```

> ### Prerequsite

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Prerequisites
```

> 

Reviewer: Shall we add a pointer to install nightly docs?

> 1. Apply for the access to the Gemma model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Apply for access to the Gemma model
```

> Go to the [application page](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-7b) and apply for the access to the model weights.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to the [application page](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-7b) and click **Acknowledge license** to apply for access to the model weights.
```

2. Get the access token from huggingface

Generate a read-only access token on huggingface [here](https://huggingface.co/settings/token), and make sure your huggingface account can access the Gemma models [here](https://huggingface.co/google/gemma-7b).

### Host on a Single Instance

We can host the model with a single instance:
```bash

> sky launch -c gemma serve.yaml --env HF_TOKEN="xxx"

Reviewer: nit: How about `HF_TOKEN=xxx sky launch ...`?

Reviewer: (same for sky serve up below?)

Author: Specifying the `HF_TOKEN` as a env directly won't work in our `sky launch` : )

Reviewer: I meant `HF_TOKEN=xxx sky launch --env HF_TOKEN ...`.

```

After the cluster is launched, we can access the model with the following command:
```bash
IP=$(sky status --ip gemma)

curl -L http://$IP:8000/v1/completions \
  -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
  -d '{
      "model": "google/gemma-7b",
      "prompt": "My favourite condiment is",
      "max_tokens": 25
  }' | jq .
```

### Scale the Serving with SkyServe

> We can scale the model serving across multiple instances, regions and clouds with SkyServe:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the same YAML, we can easily scale the model serving across multiple instances, regions and clouds with SkyServe:
```

```bash
sky serve up -n gemma serve.yaml --env HF_TOKEN="xxx"
```

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add something like
```
> Notice the only change is from `sky launch` to `sky serve up`. The same YAML can be used without changes.
```
